Perfect — here’s a second CSV file you can import into Microsoft Ads Editor for retargeting ads.
These ads are designed to whisper to people who clicked through to The Veil but didn’t finish The Unraveling or send the email (Step 3).

📂 Retargeting Ads CSV (Microsoft Ads Import-Ready)
Campaign,Ad Group,Keyword,Match Type,Ad Type,Final URL,Headline 1,Headline 2,Headline 3,Description Line 1,Description Line 2,Path 1,Path 2
Weaver's Cipher - Retargeting,Reminder 1,"",Broad,Expanded Text,http://weaverscipher.com,The Pattern Awaits,Unfinished Threads,Return to the Veil,You left the cipher incomplete.,The unraveling waits for you.,cipher,return
Weaver's Cipher - Retargeting,Reminder 1,"",Broad,Responsive Search,http://weaverscipher.com,The Cipher Calls; The Pattern Awaits; Return to the Veil; A Whisper in the Code,Begin the unraveling; Complete what you started; Finish the test,Not about code. About vision. Return to the cipher.,cipher,unfinished
Weaver's Cipher - Retargeting,Reminder 2,"",Broad,Expanded Text,http://weaverscipher.com,The Cipher Remembers,Your Frequency is Missing,The Invitation Awaits,The resonance is incomplete.,Finish your unraveling today.,cipher,resume
Weaver's Cipher - Retargeting,Reminder 2,"",Broad,Responsive Search,http://weaverscipher.com,The Frequency Awaits; The Cipher Remembers; Return and Complete; A Secret Unfinished,Not recruitment. A resonance.; Return to the veil.; Finish the cipher.,Discover what you left behind. The invitation is waiting.,cipher,invitation
Weaver's Cipher - Retargeting,Reminder 3,"",Broad,Expanded Text,http://weaverscipher.com,Your Cipher Awaits,The Pattern Recognized,Return to Complete,The puzzle is not over.,Begin the unraveling once more.,cipher,continue
Weaver's Cipher - Retargeting,Reminder 3,"",Broad,Responsive Search,http://weaverscipher.com,The Pattern Awaits; The Cipher Calls; Return to Complete; A Hidden Invitation,The unraveling is unfinished.; Return to the veil.; Complete your cipher.,Not a test. A resonance. Finish what was started.,cipher,unravel

📌 Key Notes

Audience Targeting: Apply this campaign only to users who visited Step 1 (The Veil) but did not trigger your email autoresponder.

Messaging Style: Cryptic and whisper-like, never salesy. Keeps the mystique alive.

Ad Rotation: Rotate evenly so prospects see different reminders (“unfinished threads”, “missing frequency”, etc.).

⚡ Pro Tip: Pair these with Microsoft Audience Ads (native placements on MSN + Outlook + LinkedIn sites). The dark visuals + whisper text will feel hauntingly consistent.